style: restructure project (#15)
electron/bugbot: README.md

# BugBot

## Development

BugBot is split into multiple modules, connected in development via [Yarn Workspaces](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/workspaces/) and [TypeScript Project References](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/project-references.html). Each module can be found within the `modules/` top-level directory.

> After cloning BugBot, run the following commands to setup your workspace:

Reviewer: small typo:
```suggestion
After cloning BugBot, run the following commands to set up your workspace:
```

We only need to install deps once in the root with Workspaces, right?

Author: You're correct, the yarn workspace will handle installing the deps in the child modules (and deduplicating them too!)
